Sarah Wheeler
1/14/14
Ruby 110

Week 1 Homework

Please read: 
Chapter 3 Classes, Objects, and Variables 
p.86-90 Strings (Strings section in Chapter 6 Standard Types)



1. What is an object?

	An object is simply an instance of a class. Every object 
	has a unique object id (because it occupies a unique space 
	in the computer's memory), is associated with a class, and 
	can be instantiated through the .new method. Multiple 
	variables can point to the same object, however. 

2. What is a variable?

	A variable is not an object, but actually holds a reference 
	to an object. Syntactically, variables should be all lowercase, 
	can start with or include underscores, and include (but not 
	begin with) numbers. Depending on whether they are prefixed 
	by $, @, @@, or no symbol at all, the scope of the variable 
	changes. For example, you can't access an object's instance 
	variables until you have written an accessor method in the 
	class definition, because its scope is restricted to where 
	it was first created.

3. What is the difference between an object and a class?

	Classes are not objects themselves, but they do act as the 
	blueprints for objects. They allow you to dictate what actions 
	can be performed with, to, and through objects by giving you 
	the power to define the methods that will be available to them. 
	Classes are used to instantiate individual objects that are a 
	referenced through the use of variables.

4. What is a String?

	Strings are sequences of characters (either binary or printable) 
	that belong to the String class. Strings are created with string 
	literals (example: string1 = "String!") and can appear between 
	either single or double quotes. 

5. What are three messages that I can send to a string object? Hint: think methods

	.capitalize will tell a String object to make the first letter 
	of your string a capital letter.

	.split will divide a String object by the character you pass it 
	(for example, a comma, period, or vertical bar), and create an 
	Array out of the pieces.

	.length will tell you how many characters a String object contains. 


6. What are two ways of defining a String literal? Bonus: What is the difference between them?

	Method 1: By using single quotes as your delimiters, like so: 

			'This is a string.'

	Method 2: By using %Q followed by any nonalphanumeric or nonmultibyte 
	character, which acts like a double quote like so: 
	
			%Q{This is also a string.}

	The difference between single quotes and double quotes is that double 
	quotes support more escape sequences, as well as string interpolation 
	(inserting a variable into text through #{variable}). Since single 
	quotes perform fewer functions, they are also processed slightly faster 
	by the computer. 

